# Hostel-Management-System
         This system is designed in favor of the hostel management which helps them to save the records of the students about their rooms and other things. It helps them from the manual work from which it is very difficult to find the record of the students and the mess bills of the students,  and the information of about the those ones who had left the hostel. All the hostels at present are managed manually by the hostel office.   The Registration form verification to the different data processing is done manually. Thus there are a lot of repetitions which can be easily avoided. And hence there is a lot of strain on the person who are running the hostel and software’s are not usually used in this context. This particular project deals with the problems on managing a hostel and avoids the problems which occur when carried manually Identification of the drawbacks of the existing system leads to the designing of computerized system that will be compatible to the existing system with the system which is more user friendly.   We can improve the efficiency of the system, thus overcome the drawbacks of the existing system. We design this system of the hostel management especially for the college hostel, through this they cannot require so efficient person to handle and calculate the things. This system automatically calculates all the bills and issued the notifications for those students who are against some rules.  

Operating System : Windows 10
Language : PHP,HTML,CSS,Bootstrap 
Database : MYSQL (XAMPP SERVER)
